hey pm here are you looking to
supercharge your sales team with
account-based marketing ABM or maybe you
are using ABM but not quite seeing the
results you had hoped for well I'm about
to share some insiders tips and tricks
that no one will tell you so you can hit
the ground running and fully prepare
before diving into ABM before I start
don't forget to hit that like button if
you find the video helpful and subscribe
if you haven't already your support
means the world to me all right that's
get started with the ABCs of ABM first
of all what exactly is ABM account-based
marketing it's a strategic approach
where marketing and sales collaborate to
focus on key accounts and promote
significant Revenue opportunities in a
simple terms it's when marketing
leverages existing Channel to create
highly personalized Outreach and buy
experiences that complement sales effort
targeting specific accounts so how is
ABN different from traditional Le based
or inbound marketing traditional methods
aim to cast a wider net and generate as
many leads as possible ABM Alan is all
about being laser focused and targeting
specific accounts and the steps are very
straightforward number one identify
accounts number two get buying from
sales with these accounts number three
agree on IBN campaign ideas number four
Implement those ideas number five track
the actual results how difficult is that
sounds very easy right if it's that easy
why isn't everyone doing it well here
are some vital tips and trick you must
know to make your ABM successful number
one quality of account data so three
questions you must answer or discuss
with your sales team what account should
we focus on why do we need to focus on
these account
now do we have clean data and the
accurate email addresses for these
account collectively sales and marketing
needs to identify ab and objectives and
the key accounts we targeting with a
personalized campaign and by the way is
a marketing's job to double check job
titles email addresses even correct
first and last name that's our
job you or someone on your team needs to
double check the accuracy of customer
data this step is crucial and tends to
be overlooked by marketers so my
question to you is how confident are you
about the customer Data before you run
ABM without clean data your
personalization effort will be wasted
just bear that in
mind number two buying from sales on
accounts and the success metrics if you
are targeting just 50 strategic accounts
show the customer list to your sales
team it's easy to go through that have
them review the list if you are
targeting 500 account or th000 account
they don't have time to go through the
names try to explain the selection
criteria of these accounts and the job
titles that you will
include always tell them what's in it
for them when you work with them be
clear about the expected outcome like
getting 30 people interested in talking
to sales you know what is the clear
outcome or the benefit you're going to
get number three B gain integration and
fulfillment depending on the type of
campaigns you are running say customize
emails with personalized gifts ensure
you set a robust fulfillment processes
to achieve that level of personalization
for example a bottle of wine with a
recipient's name on it require
meticulous planning and execution you
don't want to get the name wrong if you
are running targeted pay ads it's
crucial to ensure that your creative and
copyrighting are personalized for
different job titles Industries regions
or maybe even the keywords they
search for any campaigns you undertake
focus on backend integration test it
multiple times to ensure everything
functions
seamlessly many marketers excel at
brainstorming creative ABM ideas like
Invitation Only VIP events personalized
giftings coordinating happy hours or
lunches for product demos so even
renting a billboard right outside a
prospect's office to show how much you
want to work with them I don't think
creative ideas are holding marketers
back from my experience with ABN
campaigns is the quality of data buying
from sales account determination and a
backing integration that often don't get
that much of attention they deserve so
focus on this area you will be well on
your way to ABM
success so that's it folks those are
some crucial steps and tricks to make
your ABM initiatives successful thank
you so much for spending the time with
me don't forget to like subscribe and
leave a comment below with your thoughts
or questions take care see you soon bye